Pro Earth! People are planting more.
We have lost a lot of flying friends.  More birds are becoming extinct due to the environment.
Bugs are eating our plants due to the lack of bird predators!
Glaciers are melting, rising the sea levels.
The past 100 years show that the top 20 warmest years in history have all occurred in the past 22 years.
Compared with before the industrial revolution, the earth is now about one degree Celsius warmer.
Before we started burning coal, the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere was 280ppm. Now it's over 400 ppm.
Scientists believe eight percent of species are at risk of extinction because of climate change.
Wildfires, hurricanes and floods are becoming more frequent because of climate change.
Melting glaciers caused by global warming could allow the reappearance of viruses from ancient times.
While net afforestation is increasing in Europe, North America and the asia-pacific region, forests are still being lost in Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean. Since 1990, the world has lost 300 million hectares of forest.
Food production has risen by 60% since 1992.These yields and the increase in soil fertility depend heavily on the use of chemical fertilizers.However, fertilizers can have negative effects on the environment, such as algae blooms in inland waters and Marine waters.
Ocean acidification will have a dramatic impact on Marine life, potentially altering species composition and damaging the ocean's food webs, with potentially devastating effects on fisheries and tourism.In the 200 years since the industrial revolution, ocean pH has decreased by 0.1 unit.
Over the past 20 years, global biodiversity has declined by 12 percent, including a 30 percent drop in the tropics.
Sea levels are rising at an average rate of 3.6 millimetres a year, more than twice as fast as in the last century, and could rise by more than a metre by 2100 "if greenhouse gas emissions continue to grow strongly".
The earth's glaciers, snow, ice and permafrost are and will continue to decline.On the worst-case scenario, Europe, East Africa, the tropical andes and Indonesia will lose more than 80 percent of their existing ice by 2100.This will lead to landslides, avalanches, rock falls and floods, posing a threat to residents and adversely affecting agricultural production.
The long-frozen permafrost is "warming and thawing, with a large-scale thaw expected in the 21st century".Even if the world manages to keep warming below two degrees Celsius, about a quarter of the near-earth permafrost, three to four metres above the ground, will have thawed by 2100.If greenhouse gas emissions continue to soar, permanent losses to near-earth permafrost could reach as much as 70 percent.
Scientists say that if the earth's temperature were to rise two degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels, the world's coral would disappear
As the ice caps melt into seawater, sea levels rise and some island states, such as The maldives, sink below the surface.The whole country has to move.The difference of half a degree Celsius is whether sea levels rise by an extra ten centimetres.
Combined with other human activities, such as deforestation, the effects of rising temperatures on the water cycle are huge and unpredictable.That means droughts and floods are worse than ever.
As climate change triggers a series of ecological changes that make it harder to grow cacao trees, the beans used to make chocolate will become a scarce ingredient.Of course, this is just one of the species facing extinction as a result of climate change.Because of a combination of nutrients in the soil, temperature, water flow, and sunlight, cacao trees and other similar plants grow in warm, moist environments, but as the earth heats up, there are fewer and fewer places to plant cacao trees.
Another perfectly plausible scenario would be a complete melting of the ice cap near the North Pole.It was not only the animals of the arctic that were in trouble, but the rest of the earth too.  The melting of arctic glaciers will set off a vicious cycle: the fewer ice sheets on the earth's surface that can reflect heat, the faster the planet warms, which in turn causes more ice to melt faster.